Readme.markdown, before:

todo.c
------

Command line lightweight todo tool with readable storage, written in C.

Latest version: v0.2.6

![](screen-shot.png)

Installation
------------

    make install

This command will install `todo` to `~/.todo`.

Next, add the following line to your shell's configuration(~/.bashrc or ~/.zshrc etc.):

    alias todo=~/.todo

Usage
-----

*Note*: todo will **always** use `./todo.txt` prior to `~/todo.txt` for persistent storage.

```
Usage:
  todo [-h|-v|-a]
  todo (<id> [done|undo|remove])|<task>...
Examples:
  add a task       -  todo Go shopping
  check a task     -  todo 1 done
  undo a task      -  todo 1 undo
  remove a task    -  todo 1 rm/remove
  list undo tasks  -  todo
  list all tasks   -  todo --all
  clear done tasks -  todo clean/cleanup
  clear all tasks  -  todo clear
```

Storage
-------

todo will always use `./todo.txt` prior to `~/todo.txt` for persistent storage, if there is a `todo.txt` in current directory, `todo` will use it, else `todo` will try to find `~/todo.txt`, if it doesn't exist, `todo` touches an empty file `~/todo.txt`.

So when your are not in home directory, to new a todo, just:

    $ touch todo.txt

The storage format is readable, it's the [GitHub Flavored Markdown Task list](https://help.github.com/articles/github-flavored-markdown#task-lists):

```markdown
- [x] Go shopping
- [ ] Clean the room
```

Manual
------

```bash
make todo.1
man ./todo.1
```


FAQ
---

- Why C language? - I just want to write some C code that time.
- Why not only `~/todo.txt`? - I need different todos for different projects.
- What is this tool created for? - I can manage tasks in my terminal, and read it anywhere(for instance, on github.com).

Contributors
------------

https://github.com/hit9/todo.c/graphs/contributors

Thanks
------

- Thanks to sjl, todo is inspired by [sjl/t](http://github.com/sjl/t).

- Thanks to vesln's [todo](https://github.com/vesln/todo).

License
--------

BSD

Commit message:

Updated Makefile to be more idomatic
Use PREFIX for install locations. Updated README.

Readme.markdown, after:

todo.c
------

Command line lightweight todo tool with readable storage, written in C.

Latest version: v0.2.6

![](screen-shot.png)

Installation
------------

    make install

This command will install `todo` to `$HOME/bin` and the manual page to
`$HOME/man/man1`.

If you want to install into some other place than `$HOME`, invoke `make`
with a prefix or edit the `Makefile`:

    make PREFIX=/usr/local install

Usage
-----

*Note*: todo will **always** use `./todo.txt` prior to `~/todo.txt` for persistent storage.

```
Usage:
  todo [-h|-v|-a]
  todo (<id> [done|undo|remove])|<task>...
Examples:
  add a task       -  todo Go shopping
  check a task     -  todo 1 done
  undo a task      -  todo 1 undo
  remove a task    -  todo 1 rm/remove
  list undo tasks  -  todo
  list all tasks   -  todo --all
  clear done tasks -  todo clean/cleanup
  clear all tasks  -  todo clear
```

See also the Unix manual page: 

    man todo


Storage
-------

todo will always use `./todo.txt` prior to `~/todo.txt` for persistent storage, if there is a `todo.txt` in current directory, `todo` will use it, else `todo` will try to find `~/todo.txt`, if it doesn't exist, `todo` touches an empty file `~/todo.txt`.

So when your are not in home directory, to new a todo, just:

    $ touch todo.txt

The storage format is readable, it's the [GitHub Flavored Markdown Task list](https://help.github.com/articles/github-flavored-markdown#task-lists):

```markdown
- [x] Go shopping
- [ ] Clean the room
```

Manual
------

The manual is installed into `$(HOME)/man/man1` by default. Provided
your `man` command is configured correctly, invoking `man todo` should
show it.

```bash
make todo.1
man ./todo.1
```


FAQ
---

- Why C language? - I just want to write some C code that time.
- Why not only `~/todo.txt`? - I need different todos for different projects.
- What is this tool created for? - I can manage tasks in my terminal, and read it anywhere(for instance, on github.com).

Contributors
------------

https://github.com/hit9/todo.c/graphs/contributors

Thanks
------

- Thanks to sjl, todo is inspired by [sjl/t](http://github.com/sjl/t).

- Thanks to vesln's [todo](https://github.com/vesln/todo).

License
--------

BSD
