#
# Unix manual page for todo(1) in Perl POD format. Use pod2man(1) to
# translate this document to troff format suitable for manual pages.
# 

=head1 NAME

todo - simple command line todo manager

=head1 SYNOPSIS

B<todo> I<task>

B<todo> I<id> [B<done>|B<undo>|B<remove>]

B<todo> B<-h>|B<-v>|B<-a>

=head1 DESCRIPTION

B<todo> manages a list of todo items. Items can be added, listed, marked
as completed, and removed. Items are stored in a file F<.todo.txt> in
the current directory or, if none is present, the home directory. All
output goes to standard output.

=head1 ARGUMENTS AND OPTIONS

=over 4

=item I<task>

Add I<task> to todo list.

=item I<-a>

List all todo items. Each item is listed with an I<id> that can be used
in other commands.

=item I<id>

Emit task I<id> to stdout.

=item I<id> B<done>

Mark task I<id> as done.

=item I<id> B<undo>.

Mark task I<id> as to be done.

=item I<id> B<remove>

Remove task I<id>

=item B<-v>

Emit version number.

=item B<-h>

Emit help message.

=back

=head1 FILES

Items are stored in a file F<.todo.txt> in the current directory if such a
file is already present, or in the home directory, otherwise. 

=head1 EXIT CODE AND DIAGNOSTICS

The exit code is zero for success and positive in the case of errors.
Error messages are emitted to standard error.

=head1 AUTHOR

Chao Wang <hit9@icloud.com>. The source code is
available from L<https://github.com/hit9/todo.c>.

=head1 LICENSE

This program is licensed under the BSD-3 Open Source
License.

